BespokenApp README
===========
bespoken provides a platform for spoken word poets to collaborate and share their work.  

Alex Peterson: The social networking features are powered by a separate backend, seen here:  https://github.com/PeteStreet/bespoken-backend
I focused the majority of my efforts on building the backend of the app, which is explained in more detail on its own readme.  My work also entailed setting up WebViews which display the contents of the backend, as well as wrestling with calling GET and POST request from Android in order to make the uploading/streaming function.  As of now, streaming only works on a few Android devices (the webviews with poem recordings contain an HTML5 <audio> tag, which isn't well-supported in older versions of Android).  

Lauren Naylor: I worked mainly on creating the record page, on which users can record, listen back, and post their spoken word poetry. Clicking on the microphone image on the record page will cause the app to start recording - the microphone turns into a stop button which will stop the recording and open a popup window where the user can playback their recording, enter its name and info, and post it. They can also hit the "try again" button, which closes the popup and allows the to rerecord their poetry.   I also worked on putting tabs in the middle of the poem and profile pages, and adding the swipe to refresh feature to the main feed, poem, and profile pages.

Chris Siegel:  Much of my work has been on the navigation of the app on the android side of things.  Immediately upon entering the app the user is presented with Prelogin.java, which is nothing but a button and an image.  The button takes you to Login.java, deleting Prelogin.java from the stack in the process, so that the user cannot navigate back to it.  Login.java loads a webview if you are not currently logged in as a google user.  If you are logged in, or you do log in, you are taken to main activity, our 'Feed' page, again with Login deleting itself from the stack.  This feed page is tabbed, featuring a couple of fragments that load web views.  One shows you your own feed, filled with the latest poems of anyone that you follow the account of.  Navigation from this page can be done from both the action bar or the fragments themselves.  In the fragments themselves you can click on either a poets name, or a poems name, take you to their profile or poem page respectively.  In the action bar we are presented with options to go to a record page, a search page, your own profiles page, or to log out.  Lauren has givena description of the record page, I will only add that the page has functionality for an up button on the action bar.  This is actually true of all 4 of the activities accessible from the main feed.  This up button will take you to the main feed no matter where you navigated to the page from, as the main feed is the heirarchical parent of these pages.  The up button operates significantly differently than thr back button.  The search activity does nothing except load a web view with a /search url written by Alex.  Profiles pages load a couple different web views, the user info is displayed at the top, and there are tabs below containing info on that users followers and poems.  A poem page itself is similar, in its setup.  The poem info and recording is in a webview on top of the page, below are tabs containing the authors poem notes and the feedback on the poem from other users.  Last there is log out, available from the main feed tab.  This loads a certain URL which logs a user out, and reloads the Login activity.  This feature is honestly a little wonky looking right now, but it's 90% of the way there in terms of functionality.
